Add `no-named-default` rule (#2538)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/no-named-default.md

> # Disallow default export as named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Disallow named usage of default import and export
```

# Disallow default export as named

💼 This rule is enabled in the ✅ `recommended` [config](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn#preset-configs-eslintconfigjs).

🔧 This rule is automatically fixable by the [`--fix` CLI option](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/command-line-interface#--fix).

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->
<!-- Do not manually modify this header. Run: `npm run fix:eslint-docs` -->

> The [`default import`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) and [`default export`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/export#using_the_default_export) syntax exists for the default exports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enforces the use of the [`default import`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) and [`default export`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/export#using_the_default_export) syntax instead of named syntax.
```
